says here that your three-year general
manager at the gas and sip yeah yeah the
one over a Roosevelt maple right there
but to be honest I was actually a shift
manager but I do did have the skills to
make it as general manager at least
that's my opinion and this school you
attended there is Lincoln High to New
Jersey great school teachers who really
care I was this close to graduating
Terry do you even know where you are
right now yes sir I do I'm at NASA
that's right NASA
and what makes you think you're
qualified for a job at NASA well you
know sir it's uh it's just always been a
dream of mine yeah you know I know my
resume may be a bit light but uh I can
assure you that I can make it up in a
enthusiasm and spirit I mean I I don't
mind starting at the bottom that doesn't
bother me me too I whether it's cleaning
telescopes or you know sorting moon
rocks I'm a team player could you even
tell me what NASA stands for its Erika
no no no never no
you should totally go does one of the
aides stand for a security I think I
could give one of those pens that write
upside down now thank you thank you